Dear Friend,

This last summer, our family had a big reunion at a fabulous resort in
Minnesota. The water was sapphire blue and the evergreens sang as the
breeze rustled their limbs. We had such a great time renewing old
friendships, seeing how everyone's children had grown, and catching up on
everyone's lives. The last day we had a family picture taken, thinking
that we'd all send them out as our Christmas cards.

In October we got the proofs back so that we could pick our favorite picture.
Everybody looked wonderful and the background was spectacular but I could not
find myself in the picture. I looked and looked and finally got out a
magnifying glass. To my horror, I found this dark curly headed woman
with a face that looked like a stretched moon!!! Dear God it was me!!!
My body resembled an inflated hot air balloon that would take off should
a heavy wind arise... it was HIDEOUS! I had mirrors in my house but most of them were
designed to only reflect from the waist up and I honestly hadn't noticed
that my cheekbones had totally disappeared and that my face looked like a
shapeless clump of flesh. I was always so happy that I didn't have a lot
of wrinkles, but I didn't realize that I wasn't wrinkled because my skin
was as stretched as tight as a bongo drum.

Well, this situation was NOT acceptable. But I was at a loss as to what to do.
My willpower, well, basically sucks and I had so-o-o much weight to lose
that I wasn't sure I'd live long enough to get it all off. Plus, I hate
diets and can only stick to them for a very short period of time before I fall
off the food wagon. My goal to slim down seemed totally hopeless.

AND THEN
IT HAPPENED. I received a brochure about a product called
BERRY TRIM
PLUS. It seemed to contain everything I needed.
It curbs your appetite, increases energy, burns fat at the fastest rate
possible, no special diets are required, you don't have to exercise like a
lunatic, it doesn't make you feel speeded, AND IT 'S ALL NATURAL WITH NO
ADVERSE SIDE EFFECTS. It also was priced well below other products so
I figured that if it didn't work I wouldn't be out much money. It is
guaranteed, but I'm always too lazy to bother to send back the empty bottles
so this diet supplement seemed perfect for me.

It's been about 6 weeks now but I swear I'm beginning to look like that
famous Cindy person that models. My cheekbones are absolutely glorious..
I swear I look like a new person and a good one at that. BERRY TRIM
PLUS also keeps your skin tight so you don't look like a
Shar Pei with nasty folds of skin hanging all around after you lose the weight.

I promise you that this product works. It does everything it promises
and then some. Just losing the weight alone, makes you feel so much
better and younger. It puts zest back into your life and assures you
that you'll achieve your weight loss goals. In another few weeks I will
reach my goal...something I had given up on. Also, HLNA offers an affiliate
program so you might as well make a few bucks while losing those pounds.
Please keep the faith and order this product NOW by clicking below.

CLICK
HERE

Sincerely,
Laurie

This message is brought to you by BerryTrim Affiliate#
3b3773c002ce47b
We apologize for any email you may have
inadvertently received.
Please CLICK HERE to be removed
from
future mailings.

