ZDNet AnchorDesk Daily Newsletter

Need a memory upgrade? Find out with CNET's Memory Configurator.

Clearance Center: Get discounts on PCs, PDAs, MP3 players and more!

Find out the top 10 Web services security requirements at Tech Update.

Builder.com shows you how to bring Java to the masses with Cold Fusion MX.

Check out thousands of IT job listings in ZDNet's Career Center.

WED JUL 17, 2002

David Coursey

Triple your dial-up Web surfing speeds! Here's how
Would you pay $5 or $7 a month to make your dial-up Web browsing two to five times faster? A company called Propel is betting you will. After testing the company's new service, I think it could actually fly. Let me explain.

NOTE: Why we're changing our publishing schedule

PLUS: AnchorDesk Radio: The best gear for your home network

New Windows XP on the way... Hackers get life... Bluetooth blues

When is tiny too teensy? Your ideas on mini-gadgets

How to protect yourself against worms of the future

MS home networking: What's in it for you

Crucial Clicks: More from ZDnet

Printers

Personal lasers for work

or home Laser printers come in all shapes, sizes, and prices. Which one

is right for you? ZDNet reviewers recommend models for students, SOHOs, and

more.

Read

reviews

Most

Popular Products

Printers

1. Canon S900

2. Samsung

ML-1210

3. Epson Stylus Photo

2200

4. Canon S750

5. HP OfficeJet

d145

More popular printers

SYLVIA CARR

New Windows XP on the way... Hackers get life... Bluetooth bluesMicrosoft reveals details about a new version of Windows XP with all sorts of new digital-media features. Plus: The House gets tough on cybercrime. And demand for Bluetooth softens along with the weak mobile market.

DAVID MORGENSTERN

When is tiny too teensy? Your ideas on mini-gadgetsSome of you think mini-notebooks are too small to be truly useful. But others say they're ideal for those who need to carry around their computer all day--and were never meant for everyone, anyway. David digests your comments.

QuickPoll results: Would you want a super-tiny Sony Vaio U1?

ROBERT VAMOSI

How to protect yourself against worms of the future
It's been a year since the Code Red worm wreaked havoc on the Net. What's changed? Worms and viruses have gotten sneakier. But your antivirus software hasn't. Worried? Robert tells you how to prepare for future threats.

JOHN MORRIS AND JOSH TAYLOR

MS home networking: What's in it for you
Microsoft is jumping into the wireless arena with a line of home-networking equipment. What does this mean to you? Networking gear that's easier to use and more secure than what's out there today, say Josh and John.

PRESTON GRALLA

Get a great HTML editor--for free
Whether you're a weekend Web warrior or a full-time site builder, you need a capable HTML editor. But you don't have to spend a lot of money to get one. Preston has three free tools that help you build Web pages in a jiffy.

<hr size=1 width="80% noshade align="left">

AnchorDesk Home | Previous Issue

Sign up for more free newsletters from ZDNet

The e-mail address for your subscription is qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@spamassassin.taint.org

Unsubscribe |
Manage
My Subscriptions | FAQ |
Advertise

Home |eBusiness | Security | Networking | Applications | Platforms | Hardware | Careers

Copyright 2002 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved. ZDNet is a registered service mark of CNET Networks, Inc.

