http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/applecore/20020716.html

To unsubscribe, simply reply to this e-mail message.

To resubscribe, visit our site: http://www.lockergnome.com/

Don't worry about anything else below this paragraph.
It's for those with HTML e-mail clients. Just go to
the above listed web address to view this issue
perfectly in your web browser. Thanks again! -->

20020716 Lockergnome Apple Core

07.16.2002 GnomeREPORT

Content Management Is Key: Need a reason your boss should be sending you to Gnomedex? Some of the leading experts on content management solutions (those things we affectionately call blogs) will be sharing the future of blogging and how you can adapt it to both the way you do business and the way you communicate in general. Join Evan Williams and Doc Searls as they share pearls of wisdom on blogging, Linux and other open source applications that are changing our lives. If that's not enough incentive, remind the boss that THE Internet security guru, Steve Gibson, will be sharing his wisdom as well.
Register for Gnomedex today!

Of the comments I received on AppleScript, every single one suggested I
start with the basics, for that reason, I'm going to take things
step-by-step, following my own learning process and progressing to
gradually more difficult concepts. Despite having experience in
programming, using a variety of languages, I initially found AppleScript
to be quite intimidating -- mostly because something about the Script
Editor seems less than intuitive. If you've already been dabbling in
scripting, the first few columns on the subject will definitely be
targeted at novices, but I want to everyone to have the chance to get
up to speed.

I'm off to the
Shareware Industry Conference for the remainder of the week,
where it's looking like the selection of stuff for Mac users will be very
bleak. I believe the organization is targeted more toward the Windows
community in general and any shareware developer with enough cash to get
there is probably going to be in New York for MacWorld. I'll be missing
out on the Web cast of Steve Jobs speech, which is scheduled to take place
while I'm in the car, but at least I'll be able to catch the details at
other Mac sites when I get to St. Louis. Internet access for the trip is
being provided by Crosspaths.net, which is one of the few dialup services
I've found that can be configured to relay my Lockergnome mail so that I
can still function on the road. I tested the service on my iBook this
evening just to be sure.

With some luck, I may be able to get Internet access from the highway, via
my Kyocera 6035, and see what Jobs had to say before I get to St. Louis.
Unfortunately, there's no support for OS X yet with the 6035, so I can't
use the unlimited nights and weekends to dial the Web from my laptop. A
landline will probably be more sensible anyway. Check my blog for some
updates on the trip, Lori's attending too and I'm sure she'll be taking
lots of photos, as usual.

See You in August, Jake Ludington

GnomeDOWNLOADS
Same-X v2.0 [1.73MB] OSX 10.1.1 FREE

http://www.thumpbunny.com/

Seven themes, two board sizes and your choice of difficulty levels, makes
this a game for the entertainment addict in all of us. The object is to
clear the board of all icons, removing them in matching clusters of two
or greater at a time. Clearing the screen awards bonus points and scoring
awards clearing of larger clusters. Nothing gets killed, there's no
swearing, but you'll find yourself addicted to the mindless fun anyway --
not to mention you can feel safe sharing this with kids.

GnomeNETWORK
Samba Sharing Package v1.5 [8.3MB] OS X FREE

http://xamba.sourceforge.net/ssp/

It remains to be seen whether 10.2 will render this type of application
unnecessary, but for those out there without the cash to spend on DAVE,
for small office or home networking of Mac/PC mixed environments, this
is the only real alternative. Installation and configuration is almost
painless, making it easy for your Windows machine to see apps on your
Mac with little difficulty. The interface, like most OS X GUI apps, is
quite easy to navigate, including user management, connection
management, and share configuration into a convenient Prefernce pane.

GnomeSCRIPT
Technically speaking, you could do most of your script writing in a text editing
application like TextEdit, but ultimately you've got to compile it in the Script
Editor, so you might as well start there. The Script Editor is located in the
AppleScript subfolder of your Applications folder. Opening the application for
the first time reveals a small window divided in to two sections, Description
and the actual scripting pane, separated by a group of buttons.

Ignore the buttons for the moment and concentrate on the two text panes. The
Description pane is where you label your script, so you can remember later what
it does. This is also the place you denote the key combination that will invoke
your script. If you choose to save your script as an executable application, the
information in the description will show up in the start up screen.

The second pane is where the magic happens. In this pane you will be telling
applications to do specific tasks when your script runs. The format for scripting
is fairly linear. You either start your script at the top most level drilling
down, until you actually reach the application or object you want to manipulate
with your script, or you take the reverse approach manipulating things from the
bottom up. Telling the "Applications" folder to tell its "Jake" subfolder to tell
the application "Jake's Media Player," located in that folder to do something
could also be written by telling the script to access "Jake's Media Player"
located in the "Jake" subfolder of the "Applications folder, The upcoming example
will make this a bit more clear.

Buy One Inkjet Cartridge - GET TWO FREE!!
Buy 1 Get 2 FREE on Most Epson, Canon, and Apple
Cartridges. Wholesale Pricing on Lexmark Cartridges.
Free Shipping on orders $25 or more!! U.S. Shipping Only.
Click Here For a Complete List of Cartridges.

GnomeFAVORITE
Glitschka.com

http://www.glitschka.com

Flash animations, downloadable icons, artistic doodles, and details about
the artist himself are available from this site. You're guaranteed to find
something entertaining here, and if you need a logo designed, Von Robert
Glitschka might even take you on as a client. The portfolio is extensive,
including stock images and even some icons by the artist's seven year old
daughter. A must read is the anatomy of an illustration section, which lays
down artistic opinion, straight from Glitschka's mouth on how to make a
funny creation. This is by no means a Mac only site, the entertainment is
accessible by everyone and icons are available in both Mac and PC versions.

GnomeTIP

Traditionally, Mac OS has always placed a link to various disks in use on the
desktop, which can be convenient, but is no longer necessary with the Finder
only a Command+Tab away in the Dock. My personal desktop is usually cluttered
with files I've downloaded from the Internet, so I can never find anything
when my desktop is in plain sight, the Finder is the only way I stay organized.
For desktop slobs like me, or for neat freaks who want nothing on the desktop,
OS X includes three handy options for keeping disks in their place. Open the
Finder Preferences window and uncheck the three checkboxes under Show these
items on the Desktop. You'll have more space for other icons to clutter the
desktop or in the case of you clean folk, you'll have nothing at all.

Tip by Jake

http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/applecore/20020716.html
Your subscribed e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - To unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please visit the subscription management page. For further information, please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.

LOOK OVER HERE

Download Tip eBooks

Latest Windows Daily
Latest Digital Media
Latest Tech Specialist
Latest Penguin Shell
Latest Apple Core
Latest Web Weekly
Latest Bits & Bytes
Latest Audio Show

Low Price Search
Our Tech Conference

Microsoft Office Tips
PC Productivity Tips
Cool Internet Tips
Windows 2000 Tips
Windows XP Tips
Top 50 Fun Sites
Must-Know Tech Terms
Top 50 Useful Sites
Top 75 Tech Sites
Top 50 PenguinCORE
Top 50 PenguinTWEAKS

Tell a Friend About Us!
Suggest a Feature
Advertise With Us
High-Tech Job Search
Chat With Gnomies
Watch The Webcams
Computer Power User

Read Past Issues
Download X-Setup
About Lockergnome
Our Privacy Policy
View More Options
Our XML / RSS Feed
Syndicate Our Tips
Link To Lockergnome
Get Chris's Book

General Feedback
E-mail the Editors

GNOMESPECIALS
Manage Your Workgroup
Form Pilot
Say the Time 5.0
Boomer - Stream Now
Create Web/CD catalog
Easy Web Editor
Kleptomania
Tag&Rename
Pretty Good Solitaire
Visualize Color Combos
FirstStop WebSearch
Ecobuilder
Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother?

CLICK HERE TO ZOOM

LOOK IT UP

BYTE ME NOW

©2002, Lockergnome LLC. ISSN: 1095-3965. All Rights Reserved. Please read our Terms of Service. Our Web site is hosted by DigitalDaze. Domain registered at DNS Central.

