CNET Cool Gear

Electronics
All CNET
The Web

July 17, 2002

--Colin Duwe
Associate Editor
CNET Electronics

Dear readers,

Everybody seems to have a cordless phone at home. But how do
you know which models offer the best value? Well now you can
turn to CNET. Last week, we launched our reviews of cordless
phones. So when the time comes to replace your phone, pay a
visit to CNET for some unbiased advice on what to buy.
Read the full story Check prices -->

Cordless phones: The other wireless devices -->
Are you in the market for a new cordless phone but don't know whether
to buy a 900MHz or a 2.4GHz model or what manufacturer offers
the best product? No sweat--check out our new line coverage
to find the phone that fits your personal style and needs.
Read the full storyCheck prices -->

Sony DCR-VX2000: MiniDV maestro
Sony"s DCR-VX2000 gives prosumers a versatile tool for
capturing high-quality digital video. With three CCDs, smooth
performance, and excellent low-light capability, this
camcorder meets the demands of avid videographers where
lesser cameras fail.
Read the review |
Check prices

Image is everything: JVC"s HDTV VCR
The world"s first D-Theater video deck has hit the market. It
isn"t cheap, but it sure delivers an awesome picture, with
more than twice the resolution of DVD. Read the full review.
Read the review |
Check prices

Harman Kardon AVR 125: All you need? -->
This may be the least expensive of HK's home-theater
receivers, but we gave it high marks for sound quality, handy
features, and ease of use. Is it all the receiver that you
need?
Read the review |
Check prices

Sony CLIE PEG-T665C: Perhaps the last Palm OS 4 PDA
With a fast processor, a great color screen, and MP3 support,
this handheld looks appealing. But with comparably priced
Pocket PCs available and a new wave of Palm-powered devices waiting in
the wings, the T665C is a tough call. We give you our advice.
Read the full column |
Check prices

Hitachi DVP725U: Classy progressive-scan player
With sleek looks, excellent picture quality, and a sub-$200
price tag, the DVP725U fares well against the rest of the
budget-progressive-scan DVD player competition. Find out why
our reviewer thinks it"s a good bargain.
Read the full column |
Check prices

The last Palm OS 4 PDA

Check back later this week for our review of the Sony CLIE
PEG-T665C. This Palm OS 4.1 PDA has a built-in audio player
so that you can listen to MP3s on the go as well as a 66MHz processor for
better video playback. But with OS 5 expected before
Christmas, is now the time to buy a high-end Palm?

cool gear IQ

DivXbox

Microsoft has released a media player for its Xbox game
console that allows you to play movies recorded on CDs in the
DivX format.
True or false? Put your answer in the subject of an e-mail and send it to
coolgear@cnet.com.

Answer to the question from the last newsletter:

Plug your Pocket PC into the USB port on the new TiVo
Series2, and you can transfer recording onto the handheld to
watch while you're on the go.

No, this one's false. First of all, none of the proposed
"home-entertainment features" for the Series2 DVRs have been rolled
out yet. And so far, neither TiVo nor its partners have
proposed such a feature.

For answers to this week's question, check next week's newsletter.

-->

Live tech help. Submit your question now. CNET News.com: Top CIOs on the future of IT. Find a job you love. More than 1 million postings ZDNet: This IT director has had enough of Microsoft May Editors' Choice award: Pioneer's Home Theater System HTS-910DV

-->

The e-mail address for your subscription is qqqqqqqqqq-cnet-newsletters@spamassassin.taint.org

Unsubscribe |
Manage My Subscriptions
| FAQ |
Advertise

Price comparisons |
Product reviews |
Tech news |
Downloads |
All CNET services

Copyright 2002 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.

