CNET Announcement

July 18, 2002

Canon USA Reseller News : July

July 2002 / Volume 2 No. 5

The Canon USA Reseller News provides resellers with monthly announcements on Canon products that are purchased through national distributors.

Scan the following topics for "News You Can Use."

They're Here!
Check Out Our Q3 Promotions
Guess What's Coming to Distribution
Web-based Training Addition / We Have a Winner
Reseller Account Executive

They're Here!

Canon's N1000 and N2000 innovative Office Color Printers are here! Orders are now being taken for these ... Super High Speed ... Super High Quality ... Large Volume printers! With super low operating costs and excellent durability, these printers provide the solution to your customers' business color needs.
Providing our resellers with the tools necessary to be successful in the marketplace is important to us. In an effort to help you jump-start your N1000 printer sales, we are making available, on a first come first served basis, HALF-PRICE N1000 DEMO units. For your convenience, these units can be purchased at Ingram Micro, Tech Data or D&H. There is a limit of one half-price unit per reseller - and supplies are limited - so order today!
To help you generate interest with your customers for the N1000/N2000, we have created a video banner ad that can be run on your website. Log on to our reseller website: http://www.canonresellers.com to view the N1000/N2000 video banner ad. You'll find the ad running on the Home Page. To order a CD of this video banner ad for your use, contact your Canon Account Executive.

Check Out Our Q3 Promotions

Product

Instant Rebate*
Timeframe

imageCLASS 1100
$100
Through September 30, 2002

*All rebates will be reflected on the distributor invoice price at the time of purchase.
Quarterly Performance/Growth Bonus
It's a new quarter and a fresh opportunity to become a Canon Premier Partner. Our quarterly growth goals are within reach! Your purchases of all eligible hardware* between July 1, 2002 and September 30, 2002 work toward your Premier Partner status. Following are the rebate categories:

$50,000-$99,000 = 4% rebate
$100,000+ = 6% rebate

Claim forms for submitting your claims are available from your Canon reseller Account Executive and at www.canonresellers.com.

*Only hardware is eligible - DR-3060, DR-3080C, DR-5020, DR-5080C, DR-4580U, DR-4080U, N1000/N2000 Office Color Printers, imageCLASS 2200 and imageCLASS 1100. CarePAKS, consumables, maintenance kits and media are not eligible.

Click on www.canonresellers.com, to find your tools for success!

Guess What's Coming to Distribution

Here's a clue: Canon is known 'far and wide' for its products. Coming soon—at a distributor near you - we'll show you just how 'wide' our products can be. Watch for another clue in our August newsletter!

Web Based Training Addition / We Have a Winner

As promised, we're about to launch another web training course. Final touches are being made on Canon's N1000/N2000 web training course. This creative and informative course - covering topics that include Features, Installation, Connectivity and Markets - is not to be missed. Details to follow.

We have a winner! Congratulations to everyone who completed the imageCLASS 1100 web training before June 30! The winning name was randomly selected from a 'hat' and we're pleased to announce the winner of the Canon PowerShot A20 digital camera works at one of our valued resellers in North Carolina!

Although the contest is over... the learning should not stop. If you have not yet completed this informative imageCLASS 1100 training course, log on to http://www.canonresellers.com right click on Simon and go to the training site.

Reseller Account Executive—Contact Changes

Canon has a dedicated team of Account Executives whose mission is to work with you to achieve our mutual business goals.

Check the list below and note the name and e-mail address of the Account Executive assigned to your state. Be sure to contact your Account Executive for support with the following:

N1000/N2000 Video Banner Ad
Events (Open Houses/Shows)
Sales Support Collateral
Discounted Demo Units

End User Sales Calls
Demand Generation
Product Training
Bids

Account
Executives are listed below with the states that they cover.

Northeast
John
Brogan
(jbrogan@cusa.canon.com)

Connecticut
Maine
New Hampshire
Rhode Island

Massachusetts
New York
New Jersey
Vermont

Mid Atlantic
Greg Harzenski
(gharzenski@cusa.canon.com)

Delaware
Maryland
Washington D.C.

Midwest
Jennifer Mickeletto
(zzzickeletto@cusa.canon.com)

Indiana
Kansas
Missouri
Ohio

Colorado
Kentucky
Nebraska
Tennessee

Mid North
Chad Crump
(ccrump@cusa.canon.com)

Alaska
Illinois
Minnesota
Washington

Idaho
Montana
North Dakota
Wisconsin

Iowa
Michigan
South Dakota
Wyoming

South
Randal Kendrix
(rkendrix@cusa.canon.com)

Arkansas
Mississippi
Oklahoma
Utah

Louisiana
New Mexico
Texas

Southeast
Carmen DiMartino
(cdimartino@cusa.canon.com)

Alabama
North Carolina
Puerto Rico
West Virginia

Florida
South Carolina
Virginia

Georgia
Pennsylvania
Virgin Islands

Southwest
Heath Tagtmeyer
(htagtmeyer@cusa.canon.com)

Arizona
Hawaii
Oregon

California
Nevada

If you wish to opt out of receiving future e-mail blasts, please click here. If you would like additional recipients to receive our monthly communications, send additional names and e-mail addresses to canonresellers@cits.canon.com.

The e-mail address for your subscription is qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@spamassassin.taint.org

Unsubscribe&nbsp|&nbspManage My Subscriptions
| FAQ
&nbsp|&nbspAdvertise

Price comparisons |
Product reviews |
Tech news |
Downloads |
All CNET services

.

