http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/penguinshell/20020716.html

Don't worry about anything else below this paragraph.
It's for those with HTML e-mail clients. Just go to
the above listed web address to view this issue
perfectly in your web browser. Thanks again! -->

20020716 Lockergnome Penguin Shell

07.16.2002 PenguinREPORT

CAREER SERVICES FROM LOCKERGNOME AND DICE.COM: We've teamed up with
Dice.com to bring you a full service I.T. career enhancement solution.
Whether you are looking for your
dream job
or trying to
hire talented people,
the full-featured career resource center is the place to start. Find your
IT talent solution
today!

I've got a few quick Lockergnome-related notes for you today.

First, we'd really like to see you in August. I know that Jake, Chris and Randy have been signing off on their newsletters with those few words, and I'll join them. If you didn't experience Gnomedex last year, you missed, in the words of many industry insiders, "The show of the year." It was unlike any other computer conference I've ever attended. Unlike any conference I've attended, period, computer-related or not. While most such conferences are a huge hustle and hassle, Gnomedex was what computing and Lockergnome are all about - sharing useful information, gathering with like-minded enthusiasts, and learning to use your chosen computer to the fullest extent. No hustle. No hassle. No BS. For the minimal cost of registration, it would be hard to find a better weekend for geeks and wannabes alike. Add to that the schedule of luminaries presenting and attending and you've got the best deal on the planet for computer users. It's hard to believe we're less than a month away - I really do hope to see you there.

Another Lockergnome innovation has hit the newsstands - err, bookstores. That's right. Jake has release a FREE GnomeTome on "Converting Vinyl LPs to CD." Who'd have thought there were so many of you out there that are, well, my age and still in possession of those black slabs of aural heaven. I don't know if Jake's just lost his mind, or what, but free? Get outta here. Go ahead - "Gnome" our servers. Get you copy while you can. And while you're there, check out some of the other killer e-tip books in the GnomeTomes collection.

Have a great Tuesday.

Tony
Steidler-Dennison

GnomeTWEAK

Lockergnome readers, SAVE 50% on the Computing Encyclopedia!
Are you looking for the ultimate computing resource? Discover the
Computing Encyclopedia from Smart Computing. Regular price $59,
SPECIAL OFFER for Lockergnome readers,
get your set TODAY, ONLY $29.95!

Setting the Home Page in Konqueror

Konqueror, while a great browser, has taken a step in the direction of IE. Like IE, Konqueror is really an integrated web and file browser. You can use it equally well to view web pages and files on your system. It's been something of a hot debate whether this is actually the proper use of a browser. In fact, Galeon was written specifically to answer this question - it's a web browser and a web broswer only.

Regardless, it can be a bit annoying to punch the Home button on the Konqueror browser and end up in your /home/user directory. Have no fear, though. It's an easy change to make your actual web home page the home page in Konqueror.

Open Konqueror and select Settings from the toolbar. Select "Configure Konqueror," and leave the default selection of "File Manager" as is. In the text box on the right half of the screen, you'll see a tilde in the "Home URL" text box. That just tells Konqueror to use the user's home directory as the home URL. Changing this to a web address will set that address as your home page. Select OK to close the window.

Taking it one step further, click on the Home button in your Konqueror browser to open your newly-configured web home page. Then, select "Window" and "Save View Profile, 'Web Browsing.'" This will futher save the URL and allow your the opportunity to save the window size when the browser opens.

Konqueror is more than just a web browser. But, it's not so tough to make it act like a pure web browser if you just know where to look.

Recommend It!
Send us a GnomeTWEAK

GnomeCORE

Kernel Configuration - Part XII

Depending on who you talk to, RAID can stand for "Redundant Array of Independent Discs" or "Redundant Array of Inexpensive Discs." No matter. They both point to the same theory and practice in Linux; data storage redundancy. That's today's kernel configuration section - Multi-Device Support.

Let's talk first about the principles behind a RAID setup. RAID uses multiple discs for speed, increased data storage, or data redundancy. Fundamentally, there are 5 levels of RAID in Linux; Linear, RAID-0, RAID-1, RAID-4, and RAID-5.

Linear RAID uses two or more discs, appending data from one to another. In other words, when disc 1 is full, disc 2 steps in to store data. There is no redundancy in Linear RAID - only an increase in storage capacity. Further, there's no marked increase in data access speed because you're accessing one drive in the RAID array at a time.

RAID-0 "stripes" data across the RAID drives. Some data will be written to the first drive, some to the second, etc. Like Linear RAID, RAID-0 provides no redundancy. Because the data has been written in parallel across the drives, not all data exists on all drives. Lose a drive and your data is gone. RAID-0 will, however, decrease data access time. Your system will run more quickly.

RAID-1, unlike Linear and RAID-0, does provide data redundancy. This is the first level in which data is "mirrored" across the drives in the RAID array. All data that exists on one drive exists on all the others. RAID-1 requires at least two drives and they should be of equal size, otherwise, your overall RAID array will be the size of the smallest drive. Performance with RAID-1 can actually be slower than with a single drive or RAID-0, as all the data is written across multiple discs.

RAID-4 is, for the most part, pretty useless. It reserves one disc for parity information while striping the data across the others. This is much like Linear mode, with an additional disc thrown in for parity data. Parity data can be used to reconstruct and retrieve the data on the other drives, but this really isn't a redundant method of data storage. Consequently, RAID-4 is probably the least used of the RAID schemes.

RAID-5 is designed for 3 or more discs and provides both redundancy and speed. Like RAID-4, RAID-5 pays close attention to parity data. However, rather than reserving a device in the RAID array for this data, it's written across the array. Because the parity data is written across the array, data recovery can be accomplished fairly quickly. In fact, using a "spare disc" configuration will allow RAID-5 to reconstruct the data to the spare disc immediately after the failure of a drive. Because of it's increased speed and redundancy, RAID-5 is probably the most common setup for multiple storage devices.

With all that in mind, you'll need to make a choice in your kernel configuration. Do you have mutliple drives of the same size that you'd like to configure as a RAID array? The Multi-Device Support section of the kernel configuration will allow you to do this. In fact, you'll be able to set the RAID level, as well. Again, evaluate your needs and select the appropriate option.

Tomorrow, it's on to networking options in your kernel configuration.

Recommend It!
Send us a GnomeCORE tip

GnomeFILE

SaveMyModem

http://web.genie.it/utenti/g/gareuselesinge/smm/

"SaveMyModem is an anti-spam, mail-shaping, and delete-on-server mail tool. It is designed for users with slow dialup connections, who are tired of downloading large amounts of spam and worm and virus attachments."

Recommend It!
Send us a GnomeFILE suggestion

GnomeVOICE

Windows Apps in Linux?
Scribbled by Robert Nix

"Nice coverage but I don't give a flip about Office. OpenOffice is fine
for my needs.

"What I really want is to run Quicken (at least v.2001) which is the only
app keeping me running Windows (using vmware). I've tried Quicken on Mac
OS X and it is grossly inadequate and on Linux with Wine and have so far
been unsuccessful even using tips from
http://appdb.codeweavers.com/appview.php?appId=107. I hope that GnuCash
will eventually support the online features I enjoy but that doesn't
help now.

"The reason I'm writing this is that I personally think Office products
are overrated for home users, at least now that there are several native
alternatives. For home users, finance apps are the key issue now. Do a
section on getting Quicken to run in Wine and I'll declare you a god. :)"

Recommend It!
Speak your GnomeVOICE

GnomeCLICK

Important Unix Manpages

http://home.ins.de/~m.hussmann/man/

Manpages are an important part of Linux use. Armed with the proper knowledge and manpage, there are few sticky situations in Linux that can't be solved quickly. Though they can be a bit cryptic at times, manpages are really a Linux newbie's best friend.

Important Unix Manpages is a compilation of help for situations that actually have little to do with programming. They're more human interface problems than machine interface problems. This page just points out that if life was like Linux, we'd all be a lot happier.

Recommend It!
Suggest a GnomeCLICK

http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/penguinshell/20020716.html
Your subscribed e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - To unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please
visit the subscription management
page. Use of the Gnome moniker by Penguin Shell does not imply endorsement of the Gnome Desktop Environment. Penguin
Shell is an equal-opportunity desktop employer. For further information, please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the
sidebar.

LOOK OVER HERE

Download Tip eBooks

Latest Windows
Daily
Latest Digital
Media
Latest Tech
Specialist
Latest Penguin
Shell
Latest Apple Core
Latest Web
Weekly
Latest Bits & Bytes
Latest Audio Show

Low Price Search
Our Tech Conference

Microsoft Office Tips
PC
Productivity Tips
Cool
Internet Tips
Windows 2000 Tips
Windows XP Tips

Tell a Friend About
Us!
Advertise With
Us
High-Tech Job
Search
Chat With Gnomies
Watch The Webcams
Computer Power User

Read Past Issues
Download X-Setup
About Lockergnome
Our Privacy
Policy
View More
Options
Our XML / RSS
Feed
Syndicate Our
Tips
Link To
Lockergnome
Get Chris's Book
Win a Digital Camera

General Feedback
Chris's Blog
E-mail the Editor

GNOMESPECIALS
Manage Your Workgroup
Form Pilot
Say the Time 5.0
Boomer - Stream Now
Create Web/CD catalog
Easy Web Editor
Kleptomania
Tag&Rename
Pretty Good Solitaire
Visualize Color Combos
FirstStop WebSearch
Ecobuilder
Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother?

CLICK HERE TO ZOOM

LOOK IT UP

BYTE ME NOW

©2002, Lockergnome LLC. ISSN: 1095-3965. All Rights Reserved. Please read our Terms of Service. Our Web site is hosted by DigitalDaze. Domain registered at DNS Central.

