Message Boards Dispatch

Messages
All CNET
The Web

1. Wireless

2. Computer Help

3. Speakeasy

4. Windows 98

5. PC Hardware

6. Windows Me

7. Computer Newbies

8. Downloads

9. Windows XP

10.Virus & Security

Check out the User Opinions on these Hot Products and then submit one of your own.

84% 16% (19 votes)
Sony DCR-TRV50

In Electronics: Camcorders

94% 6% (2878 votes)
Ad-aware
In Downloads: System Utilities

77% 23% (263 votes)
Guard-IE Ad Blocking Privacy Suite and Popup Killer
In Downloads: Online Privacy

More User Opinions

Computer Problems? Try our Live Support from a Live technician!

Type here and click go.

July 18, 2002

Dear Readers,
I'm sure you've seen those annoying X-10 cameras ads popping up left and right while surfing the Internet. One day, out of curiosity, I decided to check this bothersome company's Web site. To my amazement, I found that their miniature cameras are pretty darn tiny, and you can mount them practically anywhere. But what does the law says about using them? I wouldn't want anyone to invade my privacy with that sort of camera setup. Coincidentally, I ran across this interesting discussion about this in the Boards, where members were discussing these miniature cameras, called CCTVs, and the privacy concerns around them. So if you want more info or would like to leave your two cents' worth about this, send us a post. Besides, this information might keep you from getting caught on camera in an embarrassing situation.

Lee Koo
CNET Community
Got suggestions? Email me: messageboards@cnet.com

Digicams for summer shutterbugsGoing on vacation, or just headed to the beach? Indulge your summer snapshot habit with one of our picks.

• 5-megapixel shoot-out
• Leica Digilux 1: street shooter"s digicam.

Most popular products
Digital cameras
1. Canon PowerShot G2
2. Canon PowerShot S40
3. Canon PowerShot S30
4. Canon PowerShot A40
5. Nikon Coolpix 995
See all most popular cameras

Cookie, anyone?
No, not the chocolate-chip type, but small data files that are written to your hard drive by some Web sites when you view them in your browser. So what are the benefits of cookies? Are they harmful? Can I get rid of them without messing up my computer? These and many other cookie questions are answered in these two discussions, so if you're curious, bite into it and find out more.

To delete or not to delete cookies...your choice
Deleting cookies and keeping them off my computer
More Computer Help discussions

My browser home page gets hijacked every time!
Have you ever checked out a Web site only to find that the home page on your Internet browser had been hijacked by it and you can't change it back? This happened to one member. Fortunately for him, the expert advisor of the forums was there for his rescue. Take a look at how he and others solved the problem. More Computer Newbies discussions

Pop-up ads, begone!
If you've downloaded some software in the past and noticed an unreasonable amount of pop-up ads, you may have picked up unauthorized software that serves pop-up ads while you surf. This can be pretty frustrating and annoying. Find out here about these unauthorized attachments and how to get rid of nasty pop-up ads.

Removing Gator junk from my PC
More Security and Virus Alerts discussions

Digital vs. analog camcorders
Getting ready for that long summer vacation in Tahiti? Want to buy a camcorder and capture the whole thing on videotape? When you need buying advice, what better place to turn than to the forums? You'll always find someone there with advice that'll make your experience a little easier. In this thread, a member wondered what type of camcorder would be the best for his needs, digital or analog. If you're in the market for a new camcorder or already have one and can offer some tips, take a look at this discussion and add your voice. More Consumer Electronic & Digital Camera discussions

Where's ScanDisk for Windows XP?

Now that Audiogalaxy has gone, what next?

Brand-new memory is missing/disappearing!

Should I convert to Windows XP?
from Melinda Douch

Cannot forward pictures in e-mail
from Mariann Eppolito

A bunch of drive problems
from Darren Harris

Live Tech Help. Submit your question now. CNET News.com: Top CIOs on the future of IT. Find a job you love. Over 1 million postings ZDNet: This IT director has had enough of Microsoft May Editors" Choice Award: Pioneer"s Home Theater System HTS - 910DV

The e-mail address for your subscription is qqqqqqqqqq-cnet-newsletters@example.com

Unsubscribe |
Manage My Subscriptions
| FAQ |
Advertise

Price comparisons |
Product reviews |
Tech news |
Downloads |
All CNET services

Copyright 2002 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.

