Digital Dispatch Weekly Newsletter

All CNET
The Web

Macworld 2002: New iPods, bigger iMac and more

Dell squeezes Pentiums into notebooks

Microsoft sweetens Mac Office offer

MSN previews next Net service

Future fuzzy for Adobe camera software

More CNET News

Opera 6.04

FileMaker Pro 6.0v2

Balls of Steel Patch 1.3

Marine Aquarium 0.99.0 (for the Mac)

More software

Apple eMac not just for education anymore

Ideally suited to students living in small spaces and home
users with basic needs, the eMac is an attractive, adequately
speedy, and easy-to-use PC without the flat-panel iMac's
relatively high price. Wondering whether to go CRT or
flat-panel? Read our review.
More desktops

Read the review |
Check latest prices

MiniDV maestro

Sony's DCR-VX2000 gives prosumers a versatile tool for
capturing high-quality digital video. With three CCDs, smooth
performance, and excellent low-light capability, this
camcorder meets the demands of avid videographers where lesser
cameras fail.
More in digital photo

Read the review |
Check latest prices

Cordless phones: the other wireless devices

In the market for a new cordless phone but don't know whether
to buy a 900MHz or 2.4GHz model or which manufacturers offer
the best products? No sweat: check out our new line coverage to
find the phone that fits your personal style and needs.
More in wireless phones

Readers mourn Gene Kan

Peer-to-peer pioneer dies, Macworld kicks off in Manhattan, and
the PayPal/eBay merger is not going so well.

--Laura Lindhe, executive editor, CNET Tech Trends

1

Gene Kan:

Gnutella open-source guru Gene Kan, who died on June
29 in an apparent suicide, was clearly beloved by the CNET
community. Last week, search requests for information on
25-year-old Kan far outweighed the kind of requests on
products and companies I usually see. A pioneer in the
peer-to-peer space, many credit him with legitimizing file
sharing--making it about more than music, according to Wired
News.

2

Macworld:

The annual Apple lovefest in New York is always a
good show, whether or not Steve Jobs has anything real to
announce. So far, it looks like Apple has already surprised a
few by announcing the release of QuickTime 6.0 (see No. 7),
which many thought would get bogged down in a licensing
quagmire.

3

PayPal:

It's been a rocky road thus far for the eBay and
PayPal deal. Soon after eBay announced it was buying PayPal
for $1.5 billion, shareholders filed a lawsuit claiming that
PayPal's price tag was too low. This week, PayPal is being
subpoenaed by the New York attorney general in regard to its
involvement with online gambling transactions.

4

Wi-Fi:

I'm just going to leave this common term for 802.11 up
on the Buzz Meter permanently. This time, Wi-Fi is getting
interest because of a possible pact between tech heavyweights,
including Intel, AT&T Wireless, and Verizon Communications, to
build wireless access places across the nation in public areas
where people would want to launch onto the Net, such as
airports.

5

eMac:

This is the for-education-only computer that consumers
wanted so badly that Apple released it to them. The CNET
review is out, and here's the word: the eMac is what the iMac
used to be. Basically, it's an easy-to-use, fairly inexpensive
computer for users who don't need to do much besides word
processing and accessing the Web.

For more Buzz, click here.

The e-mail address for your subscription is qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@example.com

Unsubscribe |
Manage my subscriptions
| FAQ |
Advertise

Price comparisons |
Product reviews |
Tech news |
Downloads |
All CNET services

Copyright 2002 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.

