http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/daily/20020718.html

To unsubscribe, simply reply to this e-mail message.

To resubscribe, visit our site: http://www.lockergnome.com/

Don't worry about anything else below this paragraph.
It's for those with HTML e-mail clients. Just go to
the above listed web address to view this issue
perfectly in your web browser. Thanks again! -->

20020718 Lockergnome Windows Daily

07.18.2002 GnomeREPORT

GET WINDOWS XP TIPS: Months after the release of Windows XP Professional and Home editions, people are still learning the nuances of Microsoft's newest operating system. Whether you've been using it for a while or are planning to upgrade to the new OS soon, this ebook is right up your alley. GET YOUR COPY of Lockergnome's Top 50 Windows XP tips now!

I don't go to many concerts, but that doesn't mean I don't
appreciate listening to good
music at every waking moment. Tonight, a handful of Bay
Gnomies and I watched They Might Be Giants rock the Fillmore.
Melanie, Steve, Brent, Missy, Robert, Patrick, Gretchen, Matt, and
Mindy had a total blast. Well, it wasn't much fun when Robert got
his digital camera confiscated - but this was a show worthy of
five megapixels
(believe me)! Brent went to
the show last night, and I saw them play on the set earlier this
afternoon. They were selling a new CD (which had JUST been
released the other day); "They Got Lost" is full of a few
previously-unavailable tracks. If you aren't sure about purchasing
it outright, I strongly urge you to sign up for a trial EMusic account and download
a few of their songs in MP3 format. Oh, and check out the opening
act: Noe Venable. She's got
a few free MP3s on
her site, too. Give "Boots" a shot - very nice.

Does anybody know how to set a binary clock? Melanie got it for me
as a gift (which was a very nice gesture). Sure, I could read the
manual - but the ones and zeros start to look eerily similar after
flipping past the first page. You know me: I'm not much of a math
guy. In fact, I just discovered the other day that 'byte' was
short for 'by eight' (even though I already knew that 'bit'
represented 'binary digit'). I'd stick with a digital timepiece,
but it just isn't geeky enough for me anymore. How sad is that?
I'm ready to walk on the wild side. Maybe I'll get my laptop
pierced tomorrow? It could happen. I've been known to do nutty
things on a moment's notice, like changing my default Web browser.
Courtesy of Asa
Dotzler, I have an official Mozilla sticker, CD, and t-shirt
(which you saw me model in my Webcam the other day). Don't be too
jealous; Mozilla.org has
plenty of goodies to go around.

Looks as though Jake
and Lori are already having a blast in St. Louis.
They're at the Shareware Industry Conference, along with hundreds
of well-known program programmers - the people who make our
computers work the way we want them to work! We're doing our best
to convince them to join us at Gnomedex. They ask: "Who else
is going to be there?" We answer: "People who don't know you yet."
They ask: "Then why should I come?" We answer: "Because it's a
business opportunity for you." They ask: "What if I don't want to
learn anything or meet anybody?" We answer: "We can't really help
you there, but here - have lunch on us." They ask: "Oh, the
admission price includes food at at Gnomedex?" We answer: "We
cannot provide every meal, but you won't go hungry." They ask:
"So, why Des Moines, when there's nothing to do there." We answer:
"You're 100% wrong. There *IS* something to do there: Gnomedex."
Get it? Got it? Good.

See You in August, Chris Pirillo
GnomeDOWNLOADS

Latest Downloads
VisiTrax Lite 2.91
mp3DirectCut 1.23
Cpick 2.6
Image Browser 4.4
EZ JavaScript 1.1
WinHTTrack 3.20RC5
Panda Quick Rem 3.2.1.0
EZBack-it-up 1.1
ArtSee 1.0
Soliton 2
Fresh Download 4.30

GigAlarm v1.201 [33k] W9x/2k/XP FREE

http://users.bigpond.net.au/glina/GigAlarm.htm

{String on your finger} Sometimes, I'm a bit like the absent-minded professor... I would forget my own head if it wasn't attached. So naturally, I appreciate any program that can help keep me on track, and with GigAlarm I can setup whatever reminders/alarms I need. However, sometimes a simple text message just won't catch my attention. Well, herein lies the beauty of GigAlarm... it doesn't just have to give you a text alarm! GigAlarm can play a WAV file (random, or your selection), change your background, start a program, or use one of the many Windows shutdown options. My wife has gotten in the habit of using the Shutdown option as an alarm to signal that I have spent too long on the computer. (Lucky for me, there is a snooze button!) NOTE: The author says, "This program is essentially free to use for non-profit purposes... If you find this program useful I would appreciate $10 AUD (or $5 USD) as a token of your appreciation."

Context Thumbview v1.0.b1 [107k] W9x/2K/XP FREE

http://contextmagic.netfirms.com/image-viewer/

{Peep show} I'm not always very patient, especially when it comes to my computer. Double-clicking on an image and waiting for it to come up in my image viewer is almost too much for me to handle. Lucky for me, Context Thumbview has made its way onto my system and I no longer have to wait to view an image. All I do now is right-click the image, choose "View Thumbnail," and there is the image, out there for me to see... all without me having to open up any programs! "As Express ThumbView is an Explorer extension, it is always ready and available for use. Moreover, it is available in any Explorer window, including Open and Save As... dialog boxes." As an added bonus, with Context Thumbview installed on my system, I can also turn off the thumbnail view if I want to save system resources.

Recommend It!
GnomeCLICKS

GnomeSYSTEM
Starter v5.5.4.2175 [423k] W9x/2k/XP FREE

http://codestuff.tripod.com/

{Startup manager} This application bills itself as "Yet Another Startup Manager"... I don't think so! Starter isn't JUST another Startup Manager, it's a piece of programming art. One of my biggest problems with Windows Task Manager is that I don't know what all the processes on my machine are, or from where they are running. Starter not only gives me that information, but it also lets me save it as an HTML file. In addition, Starter lets me import and export registry keys or add a new task to be processed. Don't run all over your machine trying to find all the programs you need to control your PC, when you can do it all (and more!) with Starter.

Recommend It!
GnomeWILDCARD
Aversoft Sticker v3.55 [592k] W9x/2k/XP US$15
Unearthed by Sergei Lepyokhin

http://www.aversoft.com/sticker/

{Sticky notes} Did you know that Post-it(r) Notes were invented by accident? I use to have these notes all over my monitor. Now my screen is clean as a whistle! Aversoft Sticker is a program to help you remember "important information by displaying skinnable sticky notes on your Windows desktop." No more bland notes for me! With Sticker, I am surrounded with pictures of paradise (downloaded from Aversoft's website). These great features are no accident. Sticker also has a transparency feature that makes the notes only half visible, making it much easier to use while working on your other programs. Don't walk away yet though... Sticker also allows you to print your notes, lock them from accidentally being deleted, and set an alarm (repeating or one-time). Speaking of alarms, mine just went off and opened up Outlook. Time to send out today's newsletter!

Submit Your Thoughts | Recommend It!
GnomeFAVORITE

CAREER SERVICES FROM LOCKERGNOME AND DICE.COM: We've teamed up with Dice.com to bring you a full service I.T. career enhancement solution. Whether you are looking for your dream job or trying to hire talented people, the full-featured career resource center is the place to start. Find your IT talent solution today!

Wikipedia Encyclopedia

http://www.wikipedia.com/

{We is smart} Those Saturday morning folks at ABC were right: it's great to learn, 'cause knowledge is power. I highly encourage everyone to learn something new each day, and with Wikipedia.com you can! Wikipedia is a free, and very thorough online encyclopedia; you'll be hard-pressed to stump this information tool with an undocumented topic. Know what you're looking for? Then just use the search tool. In the mood to fill your cranium with a few new thought processes? Just browse through any one of Wikipedia's many categories until you find a subject that piques your interest. From Physics to Opera; from Anthropology to Cooking, you will find it all here. Now, all that is missing is you! Take a look and beef up your gray matter.

Recommend It!
GnomeTIP

Gnomies are known for their willingness to help others and Alex Warren is no exception with a tip on copying text. Alex writes: "Did you know that you can copy the contents of a message/dialog box just by pressing Ctrl+C?" Alex also had this to say: "When you select text and then use the mouse to drag it to a new location, the original text moves to the new location and disappears from the old location. However, you can select text and then use the right mouse button to drag it to a new location. When you do this, releasing the right mouse button opens a menu from which you can choose to move or copy the text (along with several other options)." Those are some great time saving tips Alex! Following suit with using Ctrl + C to copy... you can also use Ctrl + X to cut and Ctrl + V to paste. You can also use all these tips on more then just text! The next time you need to copy some files on your PC, try the right-click and drag method and you will see what I mean... along with saving yourself some time.

Recommend It!

http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/daily/20020718.html
Your subscribed e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - To unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please visit the subscription management page. For further information, please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.

LOOK OVER HERE

Download Our Tip Files

Latest Windows Daily
Latest Digital Media
Latest Tech Specialist
Latest Penguin Shell
Latest Apple Core
Latest Web Weekly
Latest Bits & Bytes

Find the Lowest Price

Suggest a Feature
Advertise With Us
The GnomeSTORE
High-Tech Job Search
Chat With Gnomies
Watch The Webcams
Computer Power User

Read Past Issues
Download X-Setup
About Lockergnome
Our Privacy Policy
View More Options
Our XML / RSS Feed
Syndicate Our Tips
Link To Lockergnome
Get Chris's Book

Tell a Friend About Us!

General Feedback
E-mail the Editor
The Editor's Blog

SEARCH

GNOMESPECIALS
Manage Your Workgroup
Form Pilot
Say the Time 5.0
Boomer - Stream Now
Create Web/CD catalog
Easy Web Editor
Kleptomania
Tag&Rename
Pretty Good Solitaire
Visualize Color Combos
FirstStop WebSearch
Ecobuilder
Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother?

HAPPY FUN STUFF
And now, we see how Sprocket thinks he has a right to eat pumpkin seeds. Or, would that be "pupkin" seeds?

Not for the Puppy

CLICK HERE TO ZOOM

BYTE ME NOW

©2002, Lockergnome LLC. ISSN: 1095-3965. All Rights Reserved. Please read our Terms of Service. Our Web site is hosted by DigitalDaze. Domain registered at DNS Central.

Bacteria acts more intelligent than human beings.

