http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/techspecialist/20020718.html

To unsubscribe, simply reply to this e-mail message.

To resubscribe, visit our site: http://www.lockergnome.com/

Don't worry about anything else below this paragraph.
It's for those with HTML e-mail clients. Just go to
the above listed web address to view this issue
perfectly in your web browser. Thanks again! -->

20020718 Lockergnome Tech Specialist

07.18.2002 GnomeREPORT

Keep your Web site working fast and smart with UltraDNS. More reliable
performance means more traffic, more sales, and more profits. Outsource your
DNS management and save. Basic DNS for only $1.00 a month.
Click here to
find out more.

I thought I baked my Dell PowerEdge 1400SC server yesterday
when it refused to boot completely. I borrowed a data vac
from a friend and decided to clean all of the dust and cat
hair from my systems, then after reconnecting everything,
the server would boot to the initial splash screen, where
there is a POST progress bar, but would not proceed past
past about the first 1/5th of the bar. Uh-oh. What did I
fry?

As it turns out, it was another case of "always check the
small stuff". Oh, I had all of the cables plugged back in to
the server properly, I checked all of that, but it didn't
dawn on me until about a half dozen boot attempts later that
I should probably turn an eye toward the other end of the
cables. That server is connected to an 8-port Compaq KVM
switch and with all of the yanking, plucking and shuffling,
the keyboard cable had been eeked out of the switch just a
tad. Why the server didn't display a keyboard warning
message like every other computer on the planet, I can only
attribute to the BIOS developers. Server Satchel, running
Red Hat Linux 7.2 is now operating as it was previously. The
penguin is happy. The server case is even black. How
appropriate...

See You in August, Randy Nieland

GnomeNETWORK

Windows XP Security Checklist
Finely crafted by Bernie Klinder

http://www.labmice.net/articles/winxpsecuritychecklist.htm

With all of the security features crammed into Windows XP,
where does one start? Do you need VPN capability? Is NTFS an
appropriate file system choice for you? Is there any value
at all in Simple File Sharing? After much hounding, Bernie
Klinder has drawn up a healthy checklist of things you need
to address under Windows XP in order to maintain a system
that is both security and compatible with the rest of your
computing world.

GnomeSYSTEM

ATI Still Makes Video Cards?

http://www.anandtech.com/video/showdoc.html?i=1656

Say it isn't so! Yes, apparently they do still have
something to say about NVIDIA's dominance in the video card
market. Seeing as how they've been all but dumped by the
majority of top-tier system makers, it's hard to believe
that they are capable of a serious comeback. Judging from
what AnandTech has to say about the forthcoming R300-based
cards, it appears that they haven't thrown in the towel just
yet. I'm all for competition, so I welcome the effective re-
entrance into the high end market. Let's all hope that their
driver development has improved as much as their hardware
seems to have.

GET WINDOWS XP TIPS: Months after the release of Windows XP Professional and Home editions, people are still learning the nuances of Microsoft's newest operating system. Whether you've been using it for a while or are planning to upgrade to the new OS soon, this ebook is right up your alley.
GET YOUR COPY
of Lockergnome's Top 50 Windows XP tips now!

GnomeALERTZ

Today's Top 5 kbAlertz

Q292108 - WD2002: GetSpellingSuggestions Method Does Not List Non-English Language Suggestions (Q292108)

Q290981 - WD2002: "File Conversion Encoding" Dialog Box Appears When You Open Text File (Q290981)

Q290969 - WD2002: Run-Time Error 5 When You Use Mid(), Left(), or Right() Function (Q290969)

Q290967 - WD2002: Cannot Place a Bullet in the Middle of a Sentence or Paragraph (Q290967)

Q201953 - WD2000: Macro to Find Automatic (Soft) Page Breaks (Q201953)

Recommend It!
GnomeASSISTANT

Technical Censorship

http://news.com.com/2100-1023-944315.html

Odd. I liked that cup of Mocha (spelled M-O-C-H-A and I'll explain in a minute) I drank at Starbucks when Jake and I visited last week, but if I wanted to relay that to someone using a Yahoo email account, you might see an alternate word. Thus the additional hyphenated spelling just in case those of you using Yahoo to subscribe to Lockergnome actually received your issues and the word has been altered to suit their personal opinion of my choice in drinks. They've also had a terrible time interpretting our W3C standardized HTML lately, dropping in copious #message references throughout the text in their new Beta email client. So why the text replacement? It's another filtering technique to stop certain words that might relate to JavaScript functions. I guess I'll have to choose another beverage next time. Silly me.

GnomeSTUFF

Yer Kidding... Really?

http://www.theregus.com/content/4/25629.html

I'm all sorts of sarcastic today, aren't I? Those of us
that have had to manage budgets are used to dealing with
math in terms of hardware, software, maintenance and
personnel costs. It's not really that difficult. It's
certainly not hard to see that dropping a free version of
Linux on a server with less hardware requirements just to do
some file sharing, printing and maybe an Intranet page or
three is far cheaper than using Windows. At very long last,
Microsoft has admitted as much. Of course, they're quick to
point out that they have much more to offer than Linux,
which may indeed be true. But at the end of the day, when
you compare donuts to donuts and like functions against one
another, Linux is cheaper. For a shop of Windows-trained
staff, dealing with Linux will certainly be a challenge,
requiring additional training, suffer the odd blunder here
and there, and be less forgiving when it comes to detailed
configuration. On the same token, make a Linux whiz use
Windows and see how quickly you'll be searching for a
replacement. Cheap is in the budget of the beholder.

Recommend It!

http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/techspecialist/20020718.html
Your subscribed e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - To unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please visit the subscription management page. For further information, please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.

LOOK OVER HERE

Download Tip eBooks

Latest Windows Daily
Latest Digital Media
Latest Tech Specialist
Latest Penguin Shell
Latest Apple Core
Latest Web Weekly
Latest Bits & Bytes
Latest Audio Show

Low Price Search
Our Tech Conference

Microsoft Office Tips
PC Productivity Tips
Cool Internet Tips
Windows 2000 Tips
Windows XP Tips

Tell a Friend About Us!
Suggest a Feature
Advertise With Us
High-Tech Job Search
Chat With Gnomies
Watch The Webcams
Computer Power User

Read Past Issues
Download X-Setup
About Lockergnome
Our Privacy Policy
View More Options
Our XML / RSS Feed
Syndicate Our Tips
Link To Lockergnome
Get Chris's Book

E-mail a Suggestion
Your Rant / Rave
General Feedback
The Editor's Blog
E-mail the Editor

SOUND SYSTEMS
Yamaha RX-V1200
Sony DAVC900
Harman KardonAVR520
DenonAVR5803
Pioneer VSXD811S
Pioneer EliteVSX49TX
Sony HTDDW840
Yamaha HTR5560
BOSE LS122BK
Sony DAVC450

GNOMESPECIALS
Manage Your Workgroup
Form Pilot
Say the Time 5.0
Boomer - Stream Now
Create Web/CD catalog
Easy Web Editor
Kleptomania
Tag&Rename
Pretty Good Solitaire
Visualize Color Combos
FirstStop WebSearch
Ecobuilder
Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother?

CLICK HERE TO ZOOM

LOOK IT UP

BYTE ME NOW

©2002, Lockergnome LLC. ISSN: 1095-3965. All Rights Reserved. Please read our Terms of Service. Our Web site is hosted by DigitalDaze. Domain registered at DNS Central.

