--This_is_the_boundary_hip_ho
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

You appear to be using an email application that won't properly
display the graphical (or HTML) version of our newsletter. Because
we want you to enjoy reading QuickTime News, we recommend that you
visit the following site and switch to the plain text version of
this newsletter:

http://www.apple.com/enews/change/

If you have trouble reading today's issue of QuickTime News, please
consider visiting the following web page where it has been posted
for your enjoyment:

http://www.apple.com/enews/currentqissue/

If you receive a blank message with an enclosure, drag the enclosure
into the window of your web browser and today's issue of QuickTime News
will display in your web browser.

Thank you.

--This_is_the_boundary_hip_ho
Content-Type: text/html; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

QuickTime News: July 26, 2002

On July 17, tens of thousands packed New York City’s Jacob K. Javitz
Center—and more than 50,000 tuned in online — to watch Apple CEO
Steve Jobs unveil exciting new Apple products and technologies at
Macworld.

Miss the keynote? Not to worry, we already have an MPEG-4 stream
available on our website.

What can you expect to see?

Watch Jobs highlight the amazing new features—there are over
150 of them—in Jaguar, Mac OS X v10.2, due to ship in late August.
Learn about the new benefits of Apple’s online .Mac service. And
check out the new 17-inch widescreen iMac, as well as the newest
iPod models—including iPod for Windows.

QuickTime 6 is now available for download.

Incorporating MPEG-4 and its next-generation digital media
technology, QuickTime 6 delivers an unparalleled multimedia
experience. It features:

•
Instant-On streaming. No more waiting through buffer delays.
Instant-On gives you instant access to whatever section of a movie
you want to jump to.

•
Advanced Audio Coding (AAC). The new standard in professional audio,
AAC provides more efficient compression than ever yet delivers
sound quality rivaling that of uncompressed CD audio.

•
An updated user interface. Accessing QuickTime content is now easier
than ever. We’ve also added a new Favorites menu, so you can bookmark
you favorite QuickTime movies.

And that’s just the beginning of the great QuickTime 6 story.

We know that QuickTime News readers love music. And soon, more of
you will be able to take your favorite tunes with you wherever you
go. That’s because iPod, Apple’s incredibly popular MP3 player, is
now available for both Mac and Windows users.

iPod for Windows comes with the leading jukebox software for
PCs—MUSICMATCH Jukebox Plus. So you can easily manage your digital
music library. Quickly transfer your music collection—and
playlists—to iPod via FireWire. Automatically sync with iPod when
your music library changes. And use it to convert your music CDs,
tapes and vinyl to MP3s.

iPod for Windows ships in August, but you can order yours today from
the Apple Store.

Like to find great QuickTime content all in one place? Visit our new
streamlined website. You’ll now find links to a vast assortment of
QuickTime video and audio consolidated onto our new What’s On page.

Tune in, for example, to Ozzy Osbourne. Enjoying new-found celebrity
thanks to his hit cable series, Ozzy performs “Junkie” live at Budokan on Epic
Records’ New Music Mondays.

Or explore the surreal world of realMyst. MacPlay’s 3D version of
the classic game Myst takes you on a dreamlike journey of mystical
adventure. Is it really just a game?

Jump back into reality by visiting VRway. Over 3000 QuickTime VRs
take you to some of the most beautiful sites of Europe.

Eager to author content in the new international standard format for
the Internet—MPEG-4? Now you can do so easily by upgrading to
QuickTime 6 Pro.

With QuickTime 6 Pro, not only can you harness the power of MPEG-4,
but you can play movies in full screen, edit movies by simply
cutting and pasting, prepare movies for streaming.

Learn more about QuickTime 6 Pro on our website.

For those of you who want the ability to preview MPEG-2 content, we
now offer the QuickTime 6 MPEG-2 Playback Component, available for
purchase at the online Apple Store.

By adding this component to QuickTime 6, you have the perfect tool
for previewing and sharing your work with your clients throughout
the production process.

In rural Pennsylvania, pastor Graham Hess and his family are
terrified when mysterious giant crop circles appear in their
cornfield—as well as around the world. Is it a sign from alien
beings? Or something else?

Starring Mel Gibson and directed by M. Night Shyamalan (“The Sixth
Sense”), “Signs” opens in U.S. theaters on August 2.

Some believe that supernatural forces create crop circles, while
others remain skeptical. To help you decide, Touchstone Pictures
presents images of actual circles, as well as interviews with
witnesses and experts. Click on “Is it a Sign?” to find out more.

We hope you enjoyed reading this issue of QuickTime News.
We’ll send your next issue on August 9.

After four years out of the spotlight, singer/songwriter Michael
Bolton returns with a new album, “Only a Woman Like You.” Watch the
video for the first single (which bears the same name as the album),
co-written by Bolton, country sensation Shania Twain, and her
husband, record producer Mutt Lang.

Beth Orton—the British singer/songwriter whose eagerly awaited third album arrives
on US store shelves next week—invited a few vocal friends to join her on “Daybreaker.”
Like Emmylou Harris (who chimes in on “God Song”), the Chemical Brothers, Ben Watt, Johnny Marr and William Orbit.

Visit Orton’s site and watch the music video for “Concrete Sky” and hear
three audio tracks from the album: “Carmella,” “Daybreaker,” and “Thinking
About Tomorrow.”

What’s new on Columbia’s Midweek Music?

One of the headlining bands at this year’s Ozzfest, L.A.’s
multicultural metal men System of a Down perform “Aerials,” the
latest from their 2001 album “Toxicity.” Watch the video through
July 31.

And from July 31 to August 7, check out “Girls of Summer,” the
video for one of two new tracks included on the classic compilation,
“O Yeah! Ultimate Aerosmith Hits.”

“They’re personal/political odes with the bite of twenty
rottweilers. Passionate songs full of fear and loathing, but with a
pop rush.” So says the REM-inspired, London band Wilt about their
new album, “My Medicine.”

Ready for a dose? Then tune in to hear eleven complete tracks.

In 1986, with his debut album “Storms of Life,” Randy Travis became
the first country music artist to go multi-platinum. “Trail of
Memories: The Randy Travis Anthology” brings together over 40 of the
legendary star’s hits from 1986 to 1999, including duets with George
Jones, B.B. King, Tammy Wynette, and Merle Haggard. Join the Randy
Travis Listening Party and enjoy Disc One of this 2-disc collection.

The music of alternative rock band Swither evokes both the opacity
and richness of human emotions. Watch the MPEG-4 videos of “Here and
Now” and “Pri-Mer.”

“So much music, it makes me feel powerful.” That’s Hamilton Morris
talking about his iPod in one of the new ads featured in last
week’s Macworld New York expo. Catch the QuickTime movie.

How good are your fly-tying techniques? Watch these tutorials from
about.com and learn how fly fishermen tie one on the right way.

First up, watch QuickTime video seminars illustrating how to tie the
Double Hitch and Hand Whip-Finish and how to use a Matarelli
Whip-finish Tool.

Then, in another video seminar, find out how to tie the Improved
Clinch Knot, Non-Slip Loop, George Harvey Dry-Fly Knot, and
Nail-less Nail Knot.

If you’re dying to know what the dead relatives of famous people are
thinking, investigate the celebrity readings on psychic John
Edward’s Crossing Over website.

QuickTime News is a free, bi-weekly email publication.

Event dates are subject to change. Some products, programs, or promotions are not available outside the U.S. Visit your local
Apple site or call your local authorized Apple reseller for more information. Prices are estimated retail prices and are listed
in U.S. dollars. Product specifications are subject to change.

Copyright©2002 Apple Computer, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Subscribe | Unsubscribe | Change Settings | Privacy Policy

--This_is_the_boundary_hip_ho--

