FYI, members of this list might be interested in the 4th International
Workshop on Web Site Evolution (WSE 2002), being held October 2, 2002, in
Montreal, Canada.

http://star.itc.it/wse2002/

- Jim

>>From the Web page:

The potential of the Web as a vehicle for offering a variety of services is
becoming more apparent as Web sites evolve their contents from static
information to more dynamic and interactive forms. A number of new standards
and commercial products are emerging, offering a basis for developing
Web-based services from dynamic composible resources, extending both the
range and scope of services that can be made available through the Web.

The goal of this one-day workshop is to bring together members of the Web
design, software engineering, and information technology communities to
discuss techniques for migrating to Web services. Architectural styles and
tool support for service-based Web sites are currently quite diverse.
Expertise in constructing service-based Web pages is quite limited, and
experience accounts are lacking. The explosion of non-traditional computing
platforms for browsing the Web, such as PDAs, WAP-enabled phones, and
Internet appliances, is forcing Web professionals to rethink the separation
of form from content and the range and scope of services offered via the
Web.

WSE 2002 will provide an opportunity for the exchange of information related
to exciting new research and empirical results in areas including (but not
limited to):

* Migrating to Web services
* Web quality determination and improvement through process and product
control
* Enhancing Web sites to make them more accessible, reliable, and usable
* Analyzing and reverse-engineering Web site content and structure
* Making Web site content available in multiple formats for multiple
platforms
* Applying traditional software engineering activities such as
architecture, metrics, and testing to Web sites
* Case studies of large-scale Web site reuse, reengineering, and evolution

WSE 2002 is co-located with the IEEE International Conference on Software
Maintenance (ICSM 2002). ICSM is the IEEE Computer Society's flagship event
focused on the modernization of existing systems. ICSM 2002's theme of
"maintaining distributed heterogeneous systems" nicely compliments WSE
2002's overall theme and goals.

http://xent.com/mailman/listinfo/fork

