http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/webmaster/20020719.html

To unsubscribe, please e-mail the following address:
leave-lgweb-2534373J@sprocket.lockergnome.com

To resubscribe, visit our site: http://www.lockergnome.com/

Don't worry about anything else below this paragraph.
It's for those with HTML e-mail clients. Just go to
the above listed web address to view this issue
perfectly in your web browser. Thanks again! -->

20020719 Sausage Sizzler - Lockergnome - Webmaster Weekly

07.19.2002 WebREPORT

Content Management Is Key: Need a reason your boss should be sending you to Gnomedex? Some of the leading experts on content management solutions (those things we affectionately call blogs) will be sharing the future of blogging and how you can adapt it to both the way you do business and the way you communicate in general. Join Evan Williams and Doc Searls as they share pearls of wisdom on blogging, Linux and other open source applications that are changing our lives. If that's not enough incentive, remind the boss that THE Internet security guru, Steve Gibson, will be sharing his wisdom as well.
Register for Gnomedex today!

This year's SIC gets the blame for the
lateness of this issue. Lori and I spent Wednesday thru Sunday meeting
software authors, participating in educational sessions, viewing product
demonstrations, and most of all having fun. This was Lori's second trip
to an SIC conference, so she got to reacquaint herself with many familiar
faces, while I was getting to put faces with many people I've exchanged
e-mails with over the last several years. As much as I enjoy information
exchange via computer, the human interaction of meeting people and
sharing ideas and stories face-to-face is priceless.

One cool discovery at this year's SIC, pertaining directly to Webmasters,
is Nick Bradbury's release of
TopStyle 3.0.
Nick's the guy who created HomeSite, long before it joined the Macromedia
family of products. Version 3 represents a return to those HTML editing
roots, with the addition of editing capabilities now functioning
hand-in-hand with the rock solid style sheet building features that
previously defined TopStyle. Conversion of existing font tags to CSS is
just one of several new additions. I should have a full review in one of
the next two issues.

Also in the coming soon category - a GnomeTome on Cold Fusion, written by
one of Iowa's resident ColdFusion experts (who also happens to be an
expert on an International level), Kevin Schmidt. Kevin wrote the

General Feedback
E-mail the Editor
Jake's Blog

Our XML / RSS Feed
Syndicate Our Tips
Link To Lockergnome

SOUND SYSTEMS
Yamaha RX-V1200
Sony DAVC900
Harman KardonAVR520
DenonAVR5803
Pioneer VSXD811S
Pioneer EliteVSX49TX
Sony HTDDW840
Yamaha HTR5560
BOSE LS122BK
Sony DAVC450

GNOMESPECIALS
Manage Your Workgroup
Form Pilot
Say the Time 5.0
Boomer - Stream Now
Create Web/CD catalog
Easy Web Editor
Kleptomania
Tag&Rename
Pretty Good Solitaire
Visualize Color Combos
FirstStop WebSearch
Ecobuilder
Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother?

LOOK IT UP

CREDITS

©2002, Sausage Software and Lockergnome LLC. All Rights Reserved. Nathan Allan, the Sausage Crew and Lockergnome Lunatics spin all the content. Please read our Terms of Service.

Search Past Issues:

GETTING PAID WHAT YOU ARE WORTH? Change your career - or get a better one! Your dream job could be a mouse click away. Visit our job search page for a position with a future. Find a new career today!

