--next_part_of_message

e
e
ssage
Content-type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1

--next_part_of_message
Content-Type: text/html

OTN
TechBlast
July 2002 Issue
The monthly TechBlast is also available through the Oracle
Technology Network website.

In
this issue:

This
Month's Feature

News

Software
Downloads

Oracle
University

New
Books

Worldwide
Events:
Americas | EMEA | APAC

This
Month's Feature:
New Developer Services on OTN
OTN Members: Get
Oracle Software on CD Shipped
to you Today!
Order OTN TechTracks
and receive Oracle9i Database Release 2, Oracle9i Application Server Release
2, and Oracle Developer Suite (including JDeveloper) CDs for the platform
of your choice. TechTracks is a one-year subscription, and it includes
access to Oracle Support's KnowledgeBase and CD updates shipped to you
whenever there are major new releases of Oracle software. Enter promo
code OWC for a $50 savings during the month of July.
Exchange your Knowledge
through OTN Community Code Services
OTN Community Code
is a web-browsable CVS repository that lets you review, customize, extend,
and share Oracle-related code and coding techniques. OTN populated it
with sample application projects, so that you can view sample code source
online, download it, submit bugs and suggestions to the development teams,
and get email notifications when code is updated. Participate in an Oracle-sponsored
project, and then create your own project and share your code with the
OTN community.
Web Services Center
Now Available on OTN
The OTN Web Services
Center is a new resource for the development and deployment of Web
services. Visitors to this new Center can experience live Web service
examples, access the latest Web services technical information, and build
their own Web services using Oracle9i
JDeveloper. The Web Services Center offers information of value to
Web services architects,
developers
and newcomers.
Win Great Prizes
in the OTN Web Services Challenge
Developers are encouraged to submit their own Web services to the OTN
Web Services Challenge. Entering your Web services makes you eligible
for fantastic prizes, including a fully decked-out Dell mobile workstation.
The Challenge starts August 1, so get
a head start today by learning more about the rules. You can even
preregister your
interest in the Challenge.
New Internet Seminar:
J2EE and Web Services on Linux with Oracle9iAS Release 2
Attend
this on-demand Internet Seminar to learn how to use Oracle9i Application
Server Release 2 to develop high performance J2EE and Web Services applications
on the Linux operating systems.
This
Month's Feature | News | Software
Downloads | Oracle University | New
Books | Worldwide Events
News
Special
Discount on Red Hat Linux Advanced Server
Receive up to 45% discount on the initial purchase of Red Hat Linux Advanced
Server. Find
out how! Offer valid July 1- July 31, 2002. To get more information
on Oracle and Linux, click
here.
Helping WebGain
Developers Move to Oracle9i JDeveloper
With all the consolidation taking place in the Java tools space, developers
are seeking tools that provide a complete and integrated environment for
developing J2EE applications and Web services, and also offer security
and stability for the future. Oracle9i JDeveloper delivers on all counts,
and the new WebGain
Developer Center on OTN has been created to give VisualCafe users
the resources to move
rapidly and smoothly to the integrated development environment of Oracle9i
JDeveloper. Listen
to the interview with Ted Farrell, Oracle's Senior Director of Applications
Tools Technology and former WebGain CTO, on "moving to Oracle9i JDeveloper".

Oracle9i Application
Server # 1 in ECperf Benchmarks
In its first ECperf submissions, Oracle9i Application Server Release 2
achieved the industry's best ever 'performance' benchmark at 61,863 BBops/min,
beating IBM by 39% and BEA by 63%. The proof is in: Oracle9iAS is still
faster than IBM and BEA. Oracle9iAS also achieved the best results in
the ECperf 'price/performance' category at $5/BBop, 28% better than BEA's
top result, and 54% better than IBM's top result. Get the facts: read
the Oracle9iAS ECperf Benchmark Report now and tune
into a Live Internet Seminar and Q&A on Wednesday, July 17 at
8:00 a.m. PDT for a live presentation and discussion of these record setting
results.
Four Internet Seminars
on the New Security Features in Oracle9i Application Server Release 2

Watch
these four Internet Seminars to learn about the new security features
in Oracle9i Application Server Release 2. Oracle9i Application Server
Release 2 is the first application server to offer integrated support
for Single Sign-On, JAAS and an LDAP compliant directory that together
let you cost efficiently secure all your J2EE applications, portals, and
Web services.
OTN Toolbar
Search OTN from anywhere on the internet with OTN Toolbar. Download
today to easily gain access to many of the key features of OTN (including
downloads, sample code, documentation, and discussion forums).
New Internet Seminar
on Oracle9iAS Web Cache and ESI
Watch
this Internet Seminar and learn how Oracle9iAS Web Cache lets you accelerate
any Web application running on any server by up to 20 times. Speed applications
built in Active Server Pages, Java Server Pages, Servlets, EJBs and more.
Deploy with Web servers like Apache and Microsoft IIS as well as application
servers like BEA WebLogic, IBM WebSphere, Sun/iPlanet and, of course,
Oracle9iAS. Best of all, Oracle9iAS Web Cache uniquely supports caching
of both static and dynamically generated content without changing the
application, enabling dynamic Web sites to more efficiently deliver rich
content and therefore improving the user experience.
Oracle9i Reports
data source SDK available now
The Oracle9i
Reports data source SDK allows you to plug in your own data sources
and benefit from the sophisticated report creation and distribution environment
of Oracle9i
Reports. Check out the new documentation and samples.
Putting Forms on
the Web
Looking to move your existing Forms application from client/server to
the Web? Want the easy access and maintainability of a web deployed Forms
application? Then check
out this new paper.
Struts and Oracle9i
JDeveloper
Here's a cool
new article with detailed instructions on how to configure and use
the Jakarta Struts open source Model-View-Controller framework with Oracle9i
JDeveloper.
Quickstart with
Oracle9i JDeveloper for BEA developers
Are you using BEA's WebLogic and looking for development tools? Here is
the easy way to start
using the award winning Oracle9i JDeveloper with WebLogic. And if you
want to use the fastest J2EE container, check out the migration
kit to Oracle9iAS.
Wireless and Voice
Made Easy With Oracle9i Application Server
New Internet lessons give viewers the low-down on how to use the wireless
and voice services of Oracle9i Application Server (Oracle9iAS Wireless)
to quickly and easily give access to applications and data using any device,
over any network. Learn why Oracle is a leader in wireless and voice infrastructure
for yourselves! Check
out the new Internet lessons in the FREE Mobile eKit!
Snapshot Seminar:
Interwoven & Oracle9iAS Content Management
Oracle and Interwoven together offer a portal ready, proven, and flexible
Enterprise Content Management solution. . Watch a 15 minute on-demand
snapshot seminar
and learn how you can let your users control their content through a portal
powered by Oracle and Interwoven.
Updated Oracle9iAS
Portal Developer Kit (PDK) - July
The updated
Oracle9iAS Portal Developer Kit (PDK) highlights portlet communication.
Using the PDK, you can build smart portlets with such features as inter-portlet
communication, page to portlet communication, and portlet reusability.
This release includes new J2EE-based and Web Services samples.
Snapshot Seminar:
Documentum & Oracle9iAS Content Management
Oracle and Documentum now offer a joint solution to create, manage and
deliver content through Web sites and portals. Watch a 15 minute on-demand
snapshot
seminar and learn how you can let your users control their content
through a portal powered by Oracle and Documentum.

This
Month's Feature | News | Software
Downloads | Oracle University | New
Books | Worldwide Events

New Software Downloads
Oracle9i
Application Server Release 2 for Windows NT/2000, AIX, and Compaq Tru64
UNIX
Oracle9iAS
TopLink 4.6 for Linux, UNIX, and Windows NT/2000
Oracle9i
Lite Release 5.0.2.0.0 for Sun SPARC Solaris
Oracle
Data Provider for .NET (ODP.NET) Beta
This
Month's Feature | News | Software
Downloads | Oracle University | New
Books | Worldwide Events
Oracle
University
Special Offer!
Save 45% on Oracle9i DBA Certification Training
The expanded Oracle Certification Program now offers a true certification
levels that are built to fit the needs of IT professionals as well as
organizations looking to hire them. Each level constitutes reaching a
benchmark of experience and expertise that is industry recognized and
approved. And, with each new credential can come increased opportunities,
higher pay, and more benefits to keep Oracle professionals successful.

Oracle9i Certification
Savings Plan – Save 45% on 4 Instructor Led inClass courses. 4 for
the price of 2! Click
here to learn more!

Seeking
a new job? Check out OTN
Skills Marketplace for all open Oracle-trained positions.
Need
help implementing technology solutions to business problems?
Oracle9i
by Example Series tutorials can save you time.
Taking
an OCP exam? OTN members, take advantage of the 20% exam
discount.

Untitled Document

This
Month's Feature | News | Software
Downloads | Oracle University | New
Books | Worldwide Events

New
Books
Oracle9i
DBA 101
Oracle9i
DBA 101 by Marlene Theriault, Rachel Carmichael, & James
Viscusi (ISBN 0-07-222474-6) explains, step-by-step, how to effectively
administer an Oracle database. Readers will find coverage of the
key Oracle9i new features as well as details on the daily responsibilities
of a DBA and tips on how to successfully accomplish those tasks.
From the exclusive publishers of Oracle Press books, this is the
ideal resource for the aspiring Oracle database administrator.

Oracle9i
Mobile
Oracle9i
Mobile by Alan Yeung, Philip Stephenson, & Nicholas Pang
(ISBN 0-07-222455-X) helps readers design, deploy, and manage
flexible mobile applications on the Oracle platform. From the
exclusive publishers of Oracle Press books, this resource explains
how to use and extend the mobile services available in Oracle9iAS
Wireless and integrate with other Oracle technologies. Mobilize
any e-business, reach new customers, and deliver critical information
to mobile users with the most scalable and reliable mobile infrastructure
available.

Oracle Press User Group Program
Oracle Press has a new User Group Program! Oracle Press supports
the service that User Groups provide to the technical community.
We value our relationship with community-based groups and welcome
the opportunity to form partnerships with User Groups to disseminate
the latest technological information available in Osborne publications.
Osborne encourages participation by technical User Groups that
meet regularly, discuss, teach, and troubleshoot technical topics,
write book reviews, and publish print and/or online newsletters.

Oracle Press can
provide User Groups:

Review
copies of Oracle Press books for newsletter reviews

Book
donations and promotional items for User Group events

30%
discount on bulk purchases of 10 or more books

And
more...

Click
here for complete details about Oracle Press' User Group Program.

This
Month's Feature | News | Software
Downloads | Oracle University | New
Books | Worldwide Events
Worldwide
Events

Americas
Oracle
User Group Events
Find
out where new user group events are happening in your area.

APAC

OracleWorld
Online - Beijing
Over
5,000 industry professionals from all over China and the world gathered
to learn how Oracle can help your business reduce costs, improve
efficiencies, and improve the way you run your business. If you
missed OracleWorld in Copenhagen, you can get all the highlights
including keynotes, conference presentations and whitepapers online.

Oracle
iSeminars: Free & Live @ Your Desktop
Attend a FREE Oracle APAC iSeminar to learn more about how Oracle9i
- Application Server, Database & Tools could provide you with a complete
and cost-effective e-business infrastructure.

Please
click
here for further information and online registration for all
iseminars. (Please select correct time zone & click "reset").
For any
questions, please email
us.
EMEA

OracleWorld
Online - Copenhagen
Thousands
of professionals from all over the world gathered to learn how
Oracle can help your business reduce costs, improve efficiencies,
and improve the way you run your business. If you missed OracleWorld
in Copenhagen, you can get all the highlights including keynotes,
conference presentations and whitepapers online.

Oracle
Technology Days Belgian & Luxembourg
Join us
for the Oracle Technology Days - Featuring Oracle9i Release 2 –
Live, Local, Free!

Join
us for this executive full-day event :
29/8/2002 - Brussels (sessions in English)
3/9/2002 - Gent (sessies in het Nederlands)
12/9/2002 - Liège (session en français)
Click
here for more information and registration.
Regards,
Oracle
Technology Network Team
UNSUBSCRIBE
When you registered at OTN, you indicated you
would like to receive e-mail updates from us. If you do not want to receive
future e-mails, please visit our update
section , log in with your username and password, and UNCHECK the
I wish to receive informational e-mails box.
USERNAME
AND PASSWORD QUESTIONS?
Forget your OTN login information? Use our password
lookup.
DUPLICATE
MESSAGES?
You may
have multiple accounts on OTN. Please send a message to OTN
with the username you're using to access http://otn.oracle.com. We'll
then contact you and delete the unused account.

To be removed from Oracle's mailing lists, send an email to:
unsubscribe@oracleeblast.com
with the following in the message body:
REMOVE XXXXXX.YYYYY@RUHR-UNI-BOCHUM.DE
STOP

[250000/116/137209217]

