CNET Cool Gear

Electronics
All CNET
The Web

July 11, 2002

--Colin Duwe
Associate Editor
CNET Electronics

Dear readers,

If the majority of your photos are posed snapshots and
landscapes, a fast camera may not matter. But if you've ever
missed a shot because your camera was busy processing the
previous photo, the Leica Digilux 1 will appeal to you. We liked
it too, and we gave it an Editors' Choice award.Read the full story | Check prices -->

Leica Digilux 1: Legendary charm
The legendary German lens maker takes aim at digital-era
street photographers with the Digilux 1. A combination of
speed, manual control, and advanced features helps this
4-megapixel camera provide a digital option to shutterbugs
with an eye for the decisive moment.
Read the review |
Check prices

Onkyo LS-V950: The complete package
-->
This home-theater kit boasts a long list of enviable
features, including progressive-scan video output and as many
inputs and outputs as most budget A/V receivers. And it
sounds nice, too.
Read the review |
Check prices

Panasonic DMC-F7: The littlest Lumix
The baby of Panasonic's new Lumix digital camera line, this
ultracompact 2-megapixel model offers Leica optics, a svelte
design, and a solid, basic feature set. But how does it fare
when it comes to performance and image quality? We slipped it
in our shirt pocket and went out for a shoot to find out.
Read the review |
Check prices

Toshiba Pocket PC e740: 400MHz in your hand -->
Powered by Intel's new 400MHz XScale processor and boasting
integrated Wi-Fi connectivity, Toshiba's new PDA is an
impressive mobile machine. We got hands on with it to test
the new chips and its myriad features. See how it did.
Read the review |
Check prices

Samsung DVD-P721M: Sticking out in a crowd
Samsung's affordable DVD-P721M not only offers
progressive-scan playback but also has a built-in Memory
Stick slot. Is this the ideal DVD deck for owners of Sony
digital cameras, camcorders, and MP3 players? Read the review
to find out more.
Read the full column |
Check prices

Unitech 2U4U DMR-300: A sweet MP3 player
This new flash-based MP3 player blew us away right out of the
box, with its slick styling, 128MB of expandable memory,
in-line remote control, and low price. The fact that it can
encode WMA files in real time from any line-level
audio source is the icing on an already very tasty cake.
Read the review |
Check prices

Siemens S46: A business-focused phone
The company's second mobile for the U.S. market picks up
where the stylish S40 left off. Like that earlier model, this
one is a world phone with business-centric features. How
impressive is it?
Read the full column |
Check prices

Archos Jukebox Recorder 20: Old look, new connectivity
A must-have feature for any large-capacity MP3
player/recorder is a high-speed connection that allows for
quick transfer of hundreds--or even thousands--of files.
Archos's next-generation product, the 20GB Recorder 20, has a
USB 2.0 connection, but how does it stack up against the
competition otherwise? Read the review.
Read the review |
Check prices

Philips DVD953AT: Budget progressive-scan model
This moderately priced deck faces stiff competition from
Toshiba, Panasonic, and Zenith budget models. How does it
fare? Read the review to find out.
Read the review |
Check prices

Top 10 Asian phones: What's hot in the Far East
Wonder what people are talking on over on the other side of
the Pacific? Check out the most current top 10 list from of
our sister site in Singapore.
Read the full story |
Check prices

-->

The last Palm OS 4 PDA

Check back later this week for our review of the Sony CLIE
PEG-T665C. This Palm OS 4.1 PDA has a built-in audio player
so that you can listen to MP3s on the go as well as a 66MHz processor for
better video playback. But with OS 5 expected before
Christmas, is now the time to buy a high-end Palm?

DivXbox

Microsoft has released a media player for its Xbox game
console that allows you to play movies recorded on CDs in the
DivX format.
True or false? Put your answer in the subject of an e-mail and send it to
coolgear@cnet.com.

Answer to the question from the last newsletter:

Plug your Pocket PC into the USB port on the new TiVo
Series2, and you can transfer recording onto the handheld to
watch while you're on the go.

No, this one's false. First of all, none of the proposed
"home-entertainment features" for the Series2 DVRs have been rolled
out yet. And so far, neither TiVo nor its partners have
proposed such a feature.

For answers to this week's question, check next week's newsletter.

-->

Live tech help. Submit your question now. CNET News.com: Top CIOs on the future of IT. Find a job you love. More than 1 million postings ZDNet: This IT director has had enough of Microsoft May Editors' Choice award: Pioneer's Home Theater System HTS-910DV

-->

The e-mail address for your subscription is qqqqqqqqqq-cnet-newsletters@spamassassin.taint.org

Unsubscribe |
Manage My Subscriptions
| FAQ |
Advertise

Price comparisons |
Product reviews |
Tech news |
Downloads |
All CNET services

Copyright 2002 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.

