Tech Update Today

VITAL SIGNS FOR JULY 10, 2002

David Berlind

What to look for in your next smart phone

With PDAs and cell phones on the fast path to convergence, choosing the right
device is harder than ever. Before you buy one more handheld, see my prescription
for mobile happiness.

Reader: Kyocera is stepping stone to the perfect smart phone

Latest from ZDNet News

Microsoft eyes Visa users with Passport

No jitters here: IBM drives tap new tech

Telecom firm leaks student data to Web

Israel, Hong Kong hotbed for cyberattacks

Microsoft puts content software to the test

Micron: PC demand to boost chip sales

Flash! Macromedia tools speak up

Will Dell delve into printers?

More Enterprise News

DanFarber

Tackling tough issues in e-customer service

Identity services let e-commerce sites better serve customers and secure their
transactions. Both Passport and the Liberty Alliance offer merchants
some ability to recognize customers. Check out this overview of today's identity
services--and find out why PKI is not dead yet.

Read the full story

Toshiba releases monster notebook

Weighing in at 9.6 pounds, the new Toshiba Satellite 1955-S801 notebook
has a 2.2GHz Pentium 4 desktop processor and a huge 16-inch display. The
desktop-replacement notebook category also includes the Satellite 1905
that Toshiba introduced last month, as well as products from Hewlett-Packard.
Gateway and Dell may be looking at the concept too. The Satellite 1955 will
cost $2,499 and sports a few features not found in other desktop-replacement
notebooks, including a detachable wireless keyboard and wireless mouse.

Read the full story

Clone, clone, clone your disks

Imaging software can help you roll out new systems faster, right? The catch is that fine print requirement for "identical client hardware." But Tech Update's Lee Schlesinger says new technology from IBM may be a quantum leap for disk imaging.

Read his full commentary

Tech gets set for China breakthrough

It's one of the few words that can perk up a high-technology executive these
days: China. Companies have attempted to tap the country's enormous potential
for years, but it has become a far more attractive target recently as
the rest of the world remains mired in economic problems. Now, the People's
Republic of China has become one of the leading strategic opportunities for
Intel, Nokia, Hewlett-Packard and virtually every other multinational.

Read part one of this special report

Poll: What will be the primary role of TabletPC?

Tech Update readers see no shortage of applications for Microsoft's TabletPC.
Some of you want one, many of you say you need one. But what will be the primary role
of TabletPC: Vertical applications? A notebook/desktop replacement? Home use?
Or will it meet the same fate as previous tablet attempts?

Take our Quick Poll

Write me at dan.farber@cnet.com

Back to top

Also on Tech Update Today

YOU SAID IT

Microsoft: The real remedy

Web services will require application-level firewalls

Firewalls were built to plug network holes and shield
application data. But Gartner says the integration-heavy
demands of Web services require securing information at
the application level.
http://techupdate.zdnet.com/techupdate/stories/main/0,14179,2864540,00.html

-- Richard Spellman in response to "Embedded XP isn't the remedy."

-->

Q&A

Caldera VP bullish on UnitedLinux

In part two of a Tech Update interview, Benoy Tamang, Caldera VP of
strategic development, discusses UnitedLinux's strategy regarding additional
members and competition in the enterprise Linux space.

FEATURE

Putting Web services to work

Want to get your feet wet integrating Web services? Find out how to integrate Web services on a small scale and how particular platforms can simplify your efforts.

PREVIOUSLY ON TECH UPDATE TODAY

Should all storage be encrypted?

Start-up NeoScale claims that its new storage encryption appliance
can secure any or all data bound for Fibre Channel-based storage--with no impact on performance.

Crucial Clicks--products worth looking at

Networking

Find the right home network Choosing the right technology to match your networking needs is vital. Here's help in making the choice.

Read reviews

Most Popular Products

Networking
1. Linksys EtherFast wireless AP
2. Linksys EtherFast router
3. Siemens SpeedStream router
4. Wireless 802.11B Router
5. NetGear HE102 802.11a wireless AP
More popular networking products

Elsewhere on ZDNet

Veritas CEO Gary Bloom speaks out at Tech Update. Check out these personal laser printer picks at ZDNet Reviews. See how WAP works and how you should use it at Builder.com. Need a new job? Find one today in ZDNet's Career Center. CIOs talk out about the future of IT at CNET News.com.

Sign up for more free newsletters from ZDNet

The e-mail address for your subscription is qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@example.com

Unsubscribe |
Manage
My Subscriptions | FAQ |
Advertise

Home |eBusiness | Security | Networking | Applications | Platforms | Hardware | Contact us

Copyright 2002 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved. ZDNet is a registered service mark of CNET Networks, Inc.

