CNET | News.context

Search

News.com
All CNET
The Web

Live tech help NOW!
April's tech award
1 million open jobs
News.com: Top CIOs
ZDNet: PeopleSoft

July 11, 2002

Hollywood & Silicon Valley: A way out?
The controversy over digital file swapping is no closer to an amicable resolution than it was when peer-to-peer technology first came into vogue.

Charlie Cooper, Executive Editor/Commentary

Just desserts for scofflaws

U.S. Rep. Howard L. Berman weighed in this week, arguing that piracy over P2P networks robs songwriters on a massive scale. The congressman from Hollywood has authored a bill to stop illegal digital downloads by giving copyright owners the ability to technologically impair the distribution of copyrighted works.

Read Full Story

Spotting a scam in sheep's clothing

Berman's proposal received a cool reception in Silicon Valley, where rules are frowned upon and unfettered innovation reigns supreme. So it was that StreamCast CEO Steve Griffin spoke for many in the community when he wrote that Berman's proposal won't work. What's more, he wondered, was Berman really concerned about controlling piracy, or could the congressman from Hollywood be influenced by certain constituents? Conspiracy buffs this week had a field day.

Read Full Story

How to curb digital piracy

The odds that either side will raise the white flag are slim. But must this debate necessarily turn into an endless donnybrook? Former White House staffer Jonathan Greenblatt doesn't buy into historical determinism, and believes Hollywood can respond to the challenge of new media. First, it must shy away from any legislation that aims to control technology or enforces any "draconian" digital rights management rules. What other suggestions does he offer? Read on.

Read Full Story

Writing file sharing's final chapter

All this occurs as the P2P community lost one of its brighter lights. Computer scientist and entrepreneur Gene Kan died June 29. Kan, who helped to develop an early open-source version of Gnutella software, wrote a column for CNET News.com on June 21, drawing on the lessons learned from the history of peer-to-peer technology. In this highly nuanced piece, Kan offers a timely warning about what can happen when people get overly excited about new technologies.

Read Full Story

CEOs: Are you too focused?

Conventional wisdom has it that "focus" is de rigueur for any corporation hoping to achieve superior performance. The flip side of this argument is that markets are quick to discount the valuations of diversified companies because of perceived shortcomings. But researchers at McKinsey offer an alternative idea, suggesting that there's a particularly fertile middle ground between focus and diversification.

Read Full Story

The e-mail address for your subscription is qqqqqqqqqq-cnet-newsletters@example.com
Unsubscribe | Manage My Subscriptions | FAQ | AdvertisePlease send any questions, comments, or concerns to dispatchfeedback@news.com.

Price comparisons |
Product reviews |
Tech news |
Downloads |
All CNET services

Copyright 2002 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.

