CNET Virus & Security Newsletter

July 17, 2002

--Robert VamosiSenior Associate EditorCNET Software and Internet Services

Dear Readers,
So far, 2002 has been a year marked with variations on earlier
worms. If you update your antivirus software on a regular basis,
these new versions of Frethem and Yaha shouldn't be a nuisance.
But if you haven't updated in a while, these variants--plus the
continuing threat of Klez.h--should motivate you. In security
news, a flaw in certain versions of PGP encryption could affect
Outlook users. Read on to learn whether you're vulnerable.

Frethem.k worm wants to give you a password
An e-mail message that promises to reveal secret information with
a password is yet another variant from the pesky Frethem worm
family. Frethem.k, technically known as w32.frethem.k@mm, also
called Frethem.l by some vendors, uses its own SMTP engine to
send e-mail using addresses obtained from infected systems. This
worm does not carry a destructive payload. Mac and Linux users
are not affected.

Yaha.e screensaver worm spreading
The Yaha.e mass-mailing worm masquerades as a friendly
screensaver, proving that users worldwide are still opening
attached files from total strangers. Yaha.e (w32.yaha.e@mm, also
known as Lentin.e, Yaha.f, and Yaha.g) is a successful variant of
a worm first seen around Valentine's Day this year. Thankfully,
this worm does not affect Mac, Linux, or Unix users.

Leaky PGP Outlook plug-in
PGP 7.03 and 7.04, widely used plug-ins for Microsoft's Outlook
e-mail client, inadvertently weakens security and leaves the mail
program open to attack. Fortunately, there is a patch available.

Are Web-based e-mail accounts less virus-prone than Outlook?
>Is it true that if I use a Web-based e-mail service such as
>Yahoo I'll be safe from Outlook-related viruses? --Charles M.

No. Many new viruses do not require a PC-based e-mail client such
as Outlook in order to spread. These new viruses, including
Klez, have their own e-mail client (SMTP) and can find e-mail
addresses within cached Web pages on an infected machine,
bypassing the need to use Outlook's Address Book. Larger
Web-based e-mail services, such as Hotmail and Yahoo Mail, screen
mail hosted on their sites for viruses, but there's no beating
having a good antivirus product on your desktop just in case.

-->

Digital photography starter kitThis guide to digital photos will show you the best products to take your images from snap to finish.

• Panasonic's littlest Lumix
• Minolta"s 4-megapixel Dimage F100

Most popular products
Digital cameras
1. Canon PowerShot G2
2. Canon PowerShot S30
3. Canon PowerShot S40
4. Canon PowerShot A40
5. Sony Cyber Shot DSC-F707
See all most popular cameras

Live tech help: submit your question now CNET News.com: Top CIOs on the future of IT Find a job you love: more than 1 million postings ZDNet: This IT director has had enough of Microsoft May Editors' Choice Award: Pioneer Home Theater System HTS-910DV

End Horizontal Brick-->

Search

In SoftwareAll CNET The Web

The e-mail address for your subscription is qqqqqqqqqq-cnet-newsletters@example.com

Unsubscribe |
Manage My Subscriptions
| FAQ |
Advertise

Price comparisons |
Product reviews |
Tech news |
Downloads |
All CNET services

Copyright 2002 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.

